# DeadLinkChecker

## Author
Sebastian Holbøll

## Date
2024-10-20

## Version
3.0

## Description
The Dead Links Checker and Reporter is a Python-based project designed to identify broken links within a specified set of URLs. The tool performs periodic checks, generates reports in CSV format, and imports the results into a Google Sheet for easy access and management.

## Project Structure

- **/linksProject**
  - `dead_links_checker.py`: Main script for checking broken links and generating reports
  - `dead_links_report_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.csv`: CSV reports generated from the link checking script
  - `README.md`: This README file
  - `requirements.txt`: List of required Python packages


## Files Description

- **dead_links_checker.py**: 
  - This is the main script that performs the following functions:
    - Reads a list of URLs to check.
    - Checks each URL to determine if it is accessible.
    - Generates a CSV report of the links checked, indicating which ones are broken.
    - Imports the CSV report into a Google Sheet for tracking and management.

- **dead_links_report_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.csv**:
  - These are the output reports generated by the `dead_links_checker.py` script.
  - Each file contains the results of a link check, including timestamps and status (broken or not).
  - The filename includes the date and time of the report generation in the format `dead_links_report_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.csv`.

- **README.md**: 
  - This file contains a description of the project, its structure, and instructions for use.

- **requirements.txt**: 
  - This file lists all the necessary Python packages required to run the scripts. You can install them using pip.

## Installation

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sebscontento/DeadLinkChecker.git
   cd DeadLinkChecker

